---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

Group Project

There are a few significant progress with my progress on the contribution with Oppia, along with more difficulties.

<!--more-->

I have finally been able to load the simulator with the code change proposed to change the front end, then discussed with the Oppia staff, sean, with further subtle changes in code and submitted it in the comment sectioin.

Despite not being able to succesfully make a PR, being able to see the changes and document the proof is a huge step given all the technical difficulties I've encountered with my teammates. The major reason that I am yet to be able to push a PR is that my laptop environment is incompatible to the mypy check that oppia employs for pushing, and I've already started an issue with it.

I've also overcame issues with formatting the frontend code, especially with the format required by Oppia and compatibiloty with Prettier extension. I changed codes in settings.json and ignoreprettier to make it succesffuly running on my terminal.

I will keep working on code contributions, even if I have difficulties making a PR, I'll still be commenting solutions and be engaging with the oppia community.

Class discussion

The clss discussion on open source businesses opens my vision for how technolopgy could be engaged with business development outside of normal employment range. With open source contributions and individual effort, bigger project could be divided into smaller disciplines with detailed functions and features. Additionally, these projects with open source contributions and extentions create a more comprehensive exeprience that attracts user by its rich features while mainiting free choices and competitiveness for customers and the market.
