---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

The presentation on the analysis of AI development from the open source perspective offers a unique insight into collecting individual contributions to form a tool that plays a role in the evolviong dynamic of human technology and artificial intelligence. It was particularly interested to me because I was ignorant to the heavy pariticipation of AI and technology in the traditional financial industry.

<!--more-->

We all are aware of the threat of AI when it comes to ethical consideration as not only has the rise of AI brings convenience into human lives, but also threat to replace and get control of us. This presentation provides clear instructions on how the open source contribution to the field of AI helps to maintain the ethical considerations of the growth of AI. With clear insturctions, licensing frameworks, and compliance requirementsm, open contributions to AI collects diverse ideas under the rigorous framworks and guidelines, which minimizes the risks of the threat of AI brought by unlimited growth. Furthermore, With each individual's force, AI is no longer the idea of a single group of demographics, but rather a collection of a number of population. Making AI more trained with diverse mindset and thus better serve human beings of different background and for different purposes.

The part that's the most surpising to me is the heavy involvement of AI in the field of finance industry. It's a well known fact that finance follows a very traditional mode of operation and it has a very details guidance on compliance and is under inspection of several government agencies. In light of the fact that AI is still a rising industry with lack of clear offcial inspection, it's not likely for me to believe that such a traditional industry would bear the risk to let come of a new tool with barely any existing evidence that it will be a positive force and is safe to use. 

However, it has completely changed my view on Ai and its help on financial services after the presentation. With the help of comprehensive analysis over potential risk, including fraud and intellectual property theft, detection mechnanism over danger, and testing over the framework and algorithm, AI is well trained to serve these corporates with controlled risks. Ai could now be used to analyze past transactions, predict market trends, and assst in making financial decisions with free of worries, especially that the model could be easily modified within the guideline. With the benefit of open source contributions, these AI models will be a collection of effort, so individual bias and lack of comprehensiveness could be avoided.

I think my perception of open source AI still remains positive and I strongly do believe that AI models couldn't be decided by individual power as then it will cause a threat to the uncovered demographics and ideas. And I do think with growing effort in open source development, more industries could be benefited from the power of artificial intelligence.


