---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

Q1 - reflect on the lessons for The Cathedral and the Bazaar essay, talk about two or three from the perspective of what you are observing in the project that you are working on with your group

The Cathedral model suggests a traditional and top-down style of software development in open source contributions where the code is carefully programmed by a small group of professional developers rather than the general public, just like the cathedral being built up by professional contruction workers and designer. The contributions are usually considered final and workable, but with less frquency.

The Bazaar model, in contrast, is more aligned with the modern definition of open source contribution where new ideas are encouraged to be posted and contirbuted without testing so that people could discuss them on github. Later on, as the progress being made, coding and testing are then being carried out. The coding is considered decentralized and collaborative, with frequenct updates and discussion. It's easier to spot the bug and make improvements upon collective effort.

<!--more-->

The Bazaar Style to my belief is quite similar to the oppia project that I'm currently working on comparing to the cathedral model. The bazaar style contribution is aligned with the proposal of ideas on github. Specifcially, new ideas on how the project will be carried on is discussed on github and during the weekly meeting, so it's followed upon an open principal for coding and testing. Good thing happens to be it's an easy and logical routine to follow, whereas the downside might foster conflicts or disputes. However, because of the frquent update and discussion, it's easier to spot issues so that members could then work to fix them, showcasing the mission of open source contribution and collaborative effort.


Q2 - reflect on the Coffeehouse idea that Clause Warren was talking about

Claude Warren’s idea of Coffeehouse suggests a space for an informal and creative cultural exchange. Since it's an cultural exchange, no specific coding requirement is given, bur rather a discussion of the purpose and mission of projects. I think the idea of coffee house could refer to the weekly meetings where we just brainstorm ideas before setting any actual plans, where three minds have their full brain laid out on the table. The concept is as important as coding because it serves as a space to explain why coding for this project exist and why it's made to better serve human lives.


Q3 - in your own words, talk about the role OSPO play in the companies that you found'

- Google: Their ospo has helped with managing the outbound contributions and licensing, as well as supporting tools for internal open-source project, like kubernetes and tensorflow. The department is now in charge by Allison Randal and other contributors.

- Spotify: Their ospo office promotes spotify's own open-soruce tech, including backstge, that encourages programmers to make contirbutions in reward and fosters a coffee-style collaboration where creativity is more prioritized than actual codes. The office is led by Per Ploug and other developer advocates.

- Microsoft: givenm their history of going against open source controbutions, their engineers now primarily focused on managing open-source contribution code, offering legal guidance, and proposes initiatives that are aligned with their corporate interests. Clare Dillon is now in charge of the Azure team.

