---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

I am very very proud of my personal and group accompliments on the contribution to the oppia project so far.

<!--more-->

We had a very difficult time trying to set up the environment and got in contact with the members at first, but have them sorted out over the spring break. My laptop was broken and it took me while to set up the environment again after erasing all memories. One issue I had faced this time is the incompatibility between python version 3.9.20 and the pip version, as well as the virtural environment of the intel architecture on an apple chip. However, with the help from the oppia members and existing resources, I have it fixed with the modification of the config file and re-installation of python environment.

My group has also finished our first actual coding contribution on UI design after many contributions on course content. We both strive to make more contributions on coding, especially in languages and settings we don't have chance to learn in class to have a  better understanding of the open source coding in reality.

The presentation this week was very impressive! He holds a very contradicting opinion to me on open source, where he believes open source projects could be a good way to practice coding skills for begginers. I learned coding through classes at NYU where I started practicing it with basic coding questions, which was already quite challenging at the time. Looking back, it might be a great alternative option to practice basic coding skills and learn about knowlege beyond textbook. I also find it very respectful that he learn coding and achieve this much with no professional education background in computer science, which inspires me to look for further solutions myself and not giving up easily next time when I face trouble along the way.