---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

This week me and my teammates has wrapped up our major contirbutions to Oppia and started preparing for the presentation on the outcome of our contributions, as a way to both reflect on what we've accomplished throughout this semester and plan for the remaining weeks of the semester.

<!--more-->

Regarding group project

I met up with my teammates over the weekend for the final discussion on a code contribution, as well as for a rehearsal on the presentation to make sure that everyone's familiar with their slides and content to cover within the time limit.

In addition, all teammates have reported their current progress with their lates contribution with both code and content creation. And we've helped each other out with their difficulties. Like Danny has been looking into my failed PR testing for some time and we will keep monitoring it.

Beyond, we also keep thinking of ways to diversify contirbutions, like making contents on lessons and dicusssing on the oppia github site, to make sure that we understand the project essence and workflow more comprehensively.

I think the Oppia project contribution experince is a great learning opportunity for some of the professional knowlege in frontend technicals, workflow of a mature open source project, as well as the experince of building upon existing prototype.

Regarding other presentation

There is a few other teams who have made their presentations this week of all kinds of project, expanding from machine learning to platform building. I remember one group took the approach to divide the tasks into smaller sections with each member in change of one, so that individual's tasks are light and PRs could be made more easily. At the same time, another group has one of their member being the leader in contribution, setting the foundation and helping out the majority of the technical part while the rest of the team assisting in the process.

I think by dividing a total workload into smaller sections, each member has a fair chance to learn a bit about the technical part and coding contribution. I think it's similar to my team's approach as all of us wanted to learn about the workflow of a real contribution. Meanwhile, with one member having profound knowlege in one area, other people could dive deep into that area and learn about the deep understanding with help, especially for large projects, and it could make the contributions easier.

I think by listening to other people's presentations, it offers me many inspirations on how I would be different if I am offered another chance to do a different open source project.
